Add reference to EE getting started to Ansible Tips and Tricks (#309)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/tips_tricks/ansible_tips_tricks.rst

You can change the output from Ansible CLI commands using :ref:`callback_plugins`.

Benefit from containerization with Execution Environments
---------------------------------------------------------

> Reduce complexity with software dependencies and portability using container images known as `execution environments <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/getting_started_ee/index.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reduce complexity with portable container images known as `execution environments <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/getting_started_ee/index.html>`_.
```
